fix: add note for how to close stdin pipe on windows (#4657)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.5/query-data/execute-queries/influx-query.md

influx query - # Return to open the pipe

data = from(bucket: "example-bucket") |> range(start: -10m) # ...

> # ctrl-d to close the pipe and submit the query (on Unix-like systems)
> # enter, then ctrl-z, then enter to close the pipe and submit the query (on Windows systems)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Linux & macOS: <ctrl-d> to close the pipe and submit the command
# Windows: <enter>, then <ctrl-d>, then <enter> to close the pipe and submit the command
```
